Release v1.3.0 ACPI Driver (#12)
intel/power-optimization-library: pkg/power/README.md

C6      Deep Power Down
````

## Scaling Driver

### P-state
  The P-state governor feature allows the user to check if the P-state driver is enabled on the system. If the P-state
  driver is enabled while using the Kubernetes Power Manager, users may select a P-state governor per core, which are
  described as "performance" and "powersave" governors in the Power Profiles.

* Performance governor - The CPUfreq governor "performance" sets the CPU statically to the highest frequency within the
  borders of scaling_min_freq and scaling_max_freq.
* Powersave governor - The CPUfreq governor "powersave" sets the CPU statically to the lowest frequency within the
  borders of scaling_min_freq and scaling_max_freq.

### acpi-cpufreq

>   The acpi-cpufreq driver operates much like the P-state driver but has a number of both static and dynamic governors. For more information see [here](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v4.12/admin-guide/pm/cpufreq.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The acpi-cpufreq driver setting operates much like the P-state driver but has a different set of available governors. For more information see [here](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v4.12/admin-guide/pm/cpufreq.html).
```

  One thing to note is that acpi-cpufreq reports the base clock as the frequency hardware limits however the P-state driver uses turbo frequency limits. 

>   Both drivers can make use of turbo frequency however acpi-cpufreq will exceed its hardware frequency limits when using turbo frequency. This is important to take into account when setting frequencies for profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Both drivers can make use of turbo frequency; however, acpi-cpufreq can exceed hardware frequency limits when using turbo frequency. This is important to take into account when setting frequencies for profiles.
```
